# CSC-212-Final-Project-Description

Project Description: This project anaylzes varies types of medical information for each of the patients written in the CSV file included in the project directory. The CSV file stores the name, sex, age, medical condition, blood pressure, pulse, and DNA sequence of 40 patients (number of patients can be easily changed in line 243 of the main.cpp and by edittin the CSV file). The purpose of this program is to store various medical and identification records of patients to allow medical professionals to treat and analysis the patients better in the hospital. Once the program runs, it will output a chart comparing each DNA sequence to each other using an algorithm described later in this file and the patient in the most need of assistance based on another algorithm also described in this writeup.

# SETUP
This program requires minimal setup and input from the user. It is already to run through the code completely, but will not have the accurrate data, the user needs to successfully use it. In order to change this, the user must input or delete lines ine the CSV file. Each entry must be formatted like the default ones already in the file. This program is only programmed to assess the following conditions: heart attack, stroke, unknown, head injury, broken bone, and stomache pain. Any ages under 1 year must be entered in as 0. The sex can only be "Male" or "Female" for medical purposes. The blood pressure is entered as a fraction "x/y" and the pulse is a number.
